Reza Fatahi
5215 Balboa Blvd. #202
Encino, CA 91316

March 12, 2014

Dear HEDGEYE,

I was a student in the DMD/PhD program at the University of Connecticut from 2005 until 2012, and graduated with a PhD in Biomedical Science in 2013. I was supported by the NIH for the dual degree program, and I was responsible for maintenance of this and other grants, projects, patient management, technical writing, and others. My dedication and work ethic lead me to question my assertion that a surgical career was the right move, and I made the bold move to industry.

The greatest influencers to me were my advisor (Dr. Mina Mina, University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine) and the book titled “Remininscences of a Stock Operator”. Dr. Mina noticed my interest in the markets, and encouraged my dedication to a career in the markets and technology. In 2012 I began working with a quantitative analyst, transitioned to become a full-time programmer, and never looked back. I canceled my surgical externships, delivered my thesis defense (i.e. I was conferred my degree later), and have since prepared for the right opportunity. It was a natural transition for me to support myself as a programming since I wrote my first program at the age of 12, and then later utilized programming to complement my music creations that was a hobby of mine. Since December 2012, I returned home and began to work as a full-stack developer and consultant. 

My ultimate goal in life is to practice as a stock operator. I am currently finishing a course in Financial Markets at Yale University, under the supervision of Professor Robert Shiller. I know I have a unique gift that my logic and way of thinking are directly in-line with success at the markets. My abilities as a stock operator would be enhanced by my programming skills in a variety of statically-typed and dynamic languages, including functional languages (Lisp, Erlang, SML of NJ), and my fearless dedication knowing the basic axioms that entrap most players. I distinguish myself from others on the basis of knowing that answers exist for those who know they exist, and persevere to find them (i.e. my work ethic).

Although I do not come from a traditional financial or economic background, I consider this as a strength and unique quality that embraces character and overall success. I do not carry biases, and only the results matter to me. The last time I speculated was mid-February when I identified AXE, DATA, HP, and FEIC as purchases. With a one-point below purchase price stop-limit, two of the four of these selections generated in excess of 10-point margins on a relatively fast play (long one to two weeks). AXE, in particular, generated an excess of 20 points margin.

I like stocks that are at their highs, and I am not afraid to sell a stock low to stop losing money. It would be a dream of mine come true for the opportunity to be at HEDGEYE, and I would happily embrace the result of success or failure only for the chance that the success will result in appreciation of my performance, and the opportunity to continue for my life ahead as a stock operator of the 21st century.

Therefore, I am available in any capacity to your company. I can work on auxiliary services that assist in decision making in the markets, and/or on markets directly. They are both one and the same to me, and without the ability to work at your company I would not have access to the environment, and the instruments that are vital to the interests of any stock operator, including and not limited to Bloomberg Terminal subscription services. For any further details, I am available by phone and email. I look forward to hearing back, and no matter what wish you success in the future.


Kind Regards,

Reza Fatahi
(818) 571-3626
rfatahi123@yahoo.com